Let’s get this out of the way: There is no best camera.  You must understand what sort of image you want to make, the dynamic of the project, and the best tools to realize your vision.  Shooting with a resolution of 5k vs. 4.5k vs. 4k on the Gemini will give you a different look - a wider field of view on a particular lens - not a better one.  Keep in mind we are still predominantly finishing in HD.  5k vs. 4k will give little to no perceptual difference in sharpness, which is the only objective benefit to a higher resolution acquisition.  If you use the Zeiss lenses and have to shoot 4.5k, or use the CN-E and shoot 5k, you will get a different image with different qualities, not a better one.

Comparing a “5k Gemini” to a “4k Scarlet MX” is equally nonsensical - the resolution of the camera has very little impact on IQ.  Gemini is a brand new, cutting edge sensor.  It will have more dynamic range, better colour fidelity, and far, far better low light performance.  Comparing resolution as a quality factor on a camera is like comparing horsepower of a car, when the original question was how much trunk space the car has.  Having said all that, if you have enough light, Scarlet MX is still an absolutely fabulous imager.   The only reason I would recommend against using our Red One MX is ergonomics - the camera is quite large and heavy, and the menus are awful.  The sensor is fantastic, and is the same one in the Scarlet MX.  The same sensor used by Steven Soderbergh on many Hollywood films.

One camera will be better for the particular project you wish to produce.  For each project this will be a different camera, or set of lenses.  Maybe you don’t even want to shoot on a Red camera - a cellphone, the nimble and flexible Sony Z150 documentary camera, or the stealthy Sony a6300 might be better choices for your project.  Don’t drink the Kool-aid that camera X is the best.  Understand and serve the needs of your project.  We have tools to enable you in a great range of projects.  Don’t think there is only one way to work.
